You, you are too much.
under the sun
How can there be people as heartless as you?
You don't deserve to be Wenwen's relatives
You will regret it
Also hung up
Dare to hang up my phone
Dad is incompetent
Dad, I'm sorry.
Dad, they don't deserve to be our relatives
It has nothing to do with Dad
Today's oath ceremony
I will definitely make them regret it.
Expose evil to dad
Fortunately, I have a good daughter
Dad, since they don't know what's good or bad
Do not accept our invitation
Why don't you let the second aunt and fourth uncle
Uncle Six, let's go
Without their help
I don't have the money to go to sports school either
There will be no glory today
He is he does not
He said you
Would you like to enjoy your face and attend Wenwen's celebration banquet?
OK
Others don't want this blessing
We want to we want we want